Adding instructions on spinning up a Node.js server (#1457)
keycloak/keycloak-documentation: securing_apps/topics/oidc/nodejs-adapter.adoc

endif::[]

Optional we can use git in order to track our changes:
----
    git init
----
In that case create a file called `.gitignore` at the root folder of your project and add below line in order to exclude tracking node_modules directory
----
    node_modules/
----

Lets make our first commit:
----
git add .
git commit -m 'Initial commit'
----

> 

Reviewer: I'd suggest removing the entire block above. Cover `git` steps is out of the scope for the Keycloak, plus Node.js developers are already familiar with `.gitignore`.

Author: Yeap!

and integration with your application.  The simplest creation
involves no arguments.

> At the root folder of your project create a file called server.js and add below block of code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the root directory of your project create a file called `server.js` and add the following code:
```

    const keycloak = new Keycloak({ store: memoryStore });
----

> Add `express-session` dependency:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Install the `express-session` dependency:
```

----

>     npm install express-session --save

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    npm install express-session
```

----

> To start the server.js script, add on package.json in scripts section, the start script:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To start the `server.js` script, add the following command in the 'scripts' section of the `package.json`:
```

----
    "scripts": {
        "test": "echo \"Error: no test specified\" && exit 1",
        "start" "node server.js"
    },
----

> And now we have the ability to run our server with below command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now we have the ability to run our server with following command:
```

----
    npm run start
----

By default, this will locate a file named `keycloak.json` alongside
the main executable of your application, in our case on the root folder, to initialize keycloak-specific
settings such as public key, realm name, various URLs.

> In that case a Keycloak deployment is necessary to access keycloak admin console.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In that case a Keycloak deployment is necessary to access Keycloak admin console.
```

> Please visit links on how to deploy a keycloak admin console with 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please visit links on how to deploy a Keycloak admin console with 
```

    const session = require('express-session');
    const memoryStore = new session.MemoryStore();

>     // Configure session

Reviewer: @pacostas I believe it would make sense to indent the code below. Other than that, changes lgtm

    const session = require('express-session');
    const memoryStore = new session.MemoryStore();

    // Configure session
    app.use(
      session({

>         secret: "mySecret",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        secret: 'mySecret',
```

Once instantiated, install the middleware into your connect-capable app:

> In order to do so, first we have to install express in our dependencies 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to do so, first we have to install Express:
```

----

> npm install express --save

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    npm install express
```

----

> then require express in our project by pasting on top of the server.js file the below code

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
then require Express in our project as outlined below:
```

[source,javascript]
----
    const express = require('express');
    const app = express();
----

> and set keycloak middleware as middleware in express, by pasting at the bottom of the file the below code

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and configure Keycloak middleware in Express, by adding at the code below:
```

[source,javascript]
----
    app.use( keycloak.middleware() );
----

> Last but not least, lets open a port and set our server, to listen for http requests on port 3000, by amending below code on server.js file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Last but not least, let's set up our server to listen for HTTP requests on port 3000 by adding the following code to `main.js`:
```

[source,javascript]
----

>     app.listen(3000, () => {
>         console.log(`App listening on port 3000`)
>     })

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    app.listen(3000, function () {
        console.log('App listening on port 3000');
    });
```
